**
COOPER:
You told him about the money?
I did what I had to.
You didn't leave me a choice.
You had a choice.
The choice to do exactly
what I told you to do
and leave it alone.
I don't take my orders
from you.
You have no idea
how much worse
you've made this, Hutton.
That some sort of threat?
**
(GRUNTS) Oh! I'm hit!
Oh, God! I'm hit!
Hold on, hold on, hold on!
**
(GUNFIRE)
Get us out of here.
Minesweep!
This is Minesweep One!
We are under attack.
Three clicks north
of Al Jahra!
Hutton, get down!
This is Minesweeper One.
Lieutenant Harold Cooper.
We are under fire.
Repeat... This is
Lieutenant Harold Cooper,
Minesweeper One.
We are under attack.
Hang on, Hutton.
Hold on!
(GUNFIRE)
**
Well, what do you think...
great, right?
She has_a lot
of experience.
Yeah, all her references
raved about her.
We're meeting
this afternoon,
but I have a good
feeling about her.
Looks like you found
yourself a nanny.
Which is a huge relief.
I mean, it's impossible
to find someone great.
Mm. I wouldn't know.
Have you reached out to her
yet... To your daughter?
I haven't worked up
the courage up yet.
You should just do it.
I put her through
some dark times.
Have you noticed the men
parked across the street
every day? Every night?
Ithoughtso,
but I wasn't sure.
They're there
for my protection.
Yours? Why?
Who do you need
protection from?
My mother.
No, that...
That can't be true.
Just trust me. Whatever pushed
you and your daughter apart,
it's nothing compared
to what me and my mother
have gone through.
Just call her.
I'm sure
she'd appreciate it.
Would you appreciate it
if your mother called you?
It doesn't matter.
She's not gonng to.
But if she did.
She won't.
My mother isn't like you.
You want a relationship
with your daughter.
She doesn't.
**
Hey.
What's going on?
We've done great work.
Important work.
Work we can be proud of.
I...think so, too.
I've made up my mind about
Reddington's true identity.
I'm going to tell
Main Justice.
And risk having them
shut us down?
As I say,
we've done great work.
But does it really matter
who he is?
To the job we're doing,
I mean.
Not to me.
It will to them.
Was there something
you wanted?
Yeah. I, uh, wanted
this afternoon off.
I found a nanny.
Well, I-I think I did.
I'm meeting with her
this afternoon.
I told you before...
take whatever time you need.
About Reddington.
Have you already reached out
to Main Justice?
Yes. I've set a meeting
with Cynthia Panabaker.
Sir.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Uh, this just came in
over SIPRNet.
Odd, right?
What's odd about it?
It was sent from an unofficial
CIA outpost...in Zahedan.
**
You're sure this is correct?
I decoded it myself.
_I need_ verification.
Fingerprints, dog tags,
a photo... whatever they can
send us right away.
Yes, sir. But...
Who is Daniel Hutton?
A man who died
30 years ago.
**
(TELEPHONE DIALING)
(PHONE LINE RINGING)
**
Visiting old ghosts?
I received
some news today.
Daniel Hutton is alive.
Well, that's not possible.
COOPER:
He walked out of the mountains
of Southern Iran yesterday.
Found his way
to a classified CIA outpost.
Daniel Hutton
is dead, Harold.
We both know that.
Do we?
Because it seems he's risen
like Lazarus from the grave.
Hutton is reporting
he's been kept prisoner
at multiple locations
in the Middle East since 1989.
He escaped from captivity
a week ago,
asked for me by name.
CIA assets in Iran
reached out to us directly.
They don't want anything
to do with this.
He's asking for my help
to get him out of the country,
or his captors will
hunt him down and kill him.
Did you know?
All this time?
Did I know what?
That he's alive?
While you held this
over my head.
I gave you that so you
could put the whole incident
behind you,
not carry it like an albatross
around your neck.
I believed, as you believed,
that the man was dead
and that the issue
of what happened
there in Kuwait
was resolved.
I won't look
the other way again.
I've carried this secret
for way too long.
I have to do something.
I suggest
the utmost discretion.
To preserve flexibility.
What do you mean,
flexibility?
It's Iran, Harold.
We can't just stroll
through the front door.
We don't know
what we're walking into.
So we keep it small.
No team.
Just you and I.
Until you look this man
in the eyes.
Until you know for sure
what you plan to do.
I plan to do
the right thing.
We'll soon find out,
won't we?
**
COOPER:
It happened fast.
I remember Lieutenant Hutton
getting hit.
I remember radioing
and returning fire,
but they were everywhere.
I tried to keep him safe,
but next thing I knew...
They had taken him.
He was gone.
INTERVIEWER: Your actions
were commendable,
Lieutenant Cooper.
But I have to ask you
about reports
that you and Lieutenant Hutton
were seen having an argument
prior to these events.
That never happened.
What never happened?
That you had words, or
that they were argumentative?
**
What are you doing?
What is this, Harold?
These are supposed
to be med supplies.
Close the crate.
Where's this going?
Who are you funding?
Is it the Kurds?
You're smuggling cash
over the border to Iraq
to fund rebels...
I said close the crate.
We're here to help stabilize
this region,
not bankroll some private,
dirty little war.
Dan, I'm warning you...
just close the crate.
**
(CLICK)
I forgot how handsome
you were back then, Harold.
And how loosely tethered
to the facts.
You're one to talk
about facts.
Aren't you, Mr. Koslov?
Ah! So Elizabeth
finally told you.
She took longer
than I thought she would.
Once word was out, I figured
I was on borrowed time.
And I'm sure,
knowing you as I do,
that you'll feel
an obligation
to report this
to the powers that be.
I don't see a way around it.
If you do that, Harold,
they'll take the task force
away from you.
It'll be the end
of what you've built.
I'm sorry.
It's my duty.
Mm.
Well, we're not finished
just yet, are we?
You must admit, though,
it's ironic.
Us jetting over there
to protect your secret,
and you refusing
to protect mine.
We're not
"protecting" anything.
We're righting
what was wrong.
Keep telling yourself that.
How do you even know
about Hutton?
The real Reddington
was there.
He was part
of an oversight panel
and testified
about it later.
But you're not him.
How do you know
anything about it
if you weren't there?
I know because...
I know.
Because whoever I once was,
I am now
and will continue to be
Raymond Reddington.
Given where we're going,
the real question
is, who are you?
Are you the man
in front of me
who I know
to be good and decent?
Or are you
the man from years ago
who got himself into this mess
in the first place?
(DOOR OPENS,
INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
We'll be arriving shortly.
Farhad will meet us
at the airstrip.
Do you think Hutton knows?
Do you think
he has any idea
what part you played
in what happened back then?
I don't think so.
Otherwise, he wouldn't
have asked for me.
Let's hope not.
Because if he does
hold you responsible
and if he plans
to tell the world,
then we'll have
to shut him up.
I'm not gonna do that.
No, I know.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
I guess
that's why I'm here.
**
I can work
pretty crazy hours.
DENORA: Oh, that's fine.
Some weekends,
some traveling.
Honestly,
whatever you need.
If it helps, I can stay here
when you're gone
so Agnes can keep
her routine.
I spoke to some
of your references.
Is it true that you watched
their kids and cooked?
Yes, I love to cook.
Oh, good,
'cause on my best day,
the best I can do is
peanut butter and jelly
and tuna fish.
You're busy.
My job is to put time
into areas you can't.
You have no idea
how much I need that.
How much Agnes needs it.
I'd be lucky to do it.
Great.
When can you start?
**
REDDINGTON:
Farhad! You son of a cur.
It's been _
an awfully long time.
You look good, my friend.
And prosperous.
(LAUGHS)
May Khodah
in his infinite wisdom
keep the sanctions in place
for as long as possible.
Of course,
you remember Dembe.
And _this is the associate
of mine we spoke about.
You violated sanctions
on Iran?
Sanctions have caused
a certain amount of investment
in Iran to dry up.
It's a barren garden.
I decided to water it.
At a healthy
interest rate.
It's all the rage!
Despite my associate's
reflexive flag waving,
_ he's a fine man
in need of careful gUIdance
in and out of this CIA outpost
everyone pretends to know
nothing about.
I've made the arrangements
as discussed...
One of my best men
to drive you
and a backup vehicle
for protection.
This close to the border,
there are checkpoints
all over the place.
They can be tricky.
Fortunately,
the right bribes
can get a man
where he needs to go.
I'll have a double Scotch
waiting for you
when you get back.
You're not coming?
I've made a lot of trouble
in Iran through the years.
Best not to_have a sore thumb
sticking out.
**
When we get to the checkpoint,
don't speak.
Don't draw attention.
Just look out the windshield
at the view.
They'll forget me
the moment they see me.
**
(MEN CONVERSING IN FARSI)
These dog tags were the only
thing he had on him.
You have a release?
You kidding?
We don't exist.
We didn't invite
this guy here,
and we sure as hell
don't want him found here.
He's your problem now.
(KEYS JINGLE)
**
Hutton?
HU'I'I'ON: Harold?
Hey, is it really you?
It's me, Dan.
(LAUGHING)
**
I've dreamt of this moment
so many times.
I can't believe
I'm looking at you.
I went to your funeral.
How did you survive?
**
I don't know.
They tortured me for...
I don't know how long,
traded me,
sold me for intel...
different factions.
Do you remember
anyone who had you?
Even for a short time?
**
There was an Iranian.
They called him The Simoon.
Everyone in the intelligence
community has heard of him.
He's been
a dangerous intel leak
in the Middle East for years.
Name means "poison wind."
Everywhere he goes,
people die.
The intel he's given
to terrorist cells
has led to armed embassy
raids in Pakistan,
a consulate bombing
in Syria,
the death of countless
US. citizens.
Dan, it's a miracle
you're alive.
(LAUGHING)
It's a miracle
we're both alive.
I remember
that day in Kuwait.
**
How did you survive that?
I'm not sure.
But you did, thank God.
(LAUGHS)
Harold, the last time
I saw you...
I want to apologize.
That's behind us now.
I was young.
**
What you saw was none of your
business in the first place.
It's too late.
I went to the Captain.
I'm not gonna be
an accomplice
to whatever you got yourself
involved with.
I told him
everything I saw.
You told him
about the money?
I did what I had to.
You didn't leave me a choice.
You had a choice.
The choice to do
exactly what I told you to do.
Leave it alone.
I don't take my orders
from you.
You have no idea
how much worse
you've made this, Hutton.
That some sort of threat?
**
(GRUNTS) Oh! I'm hit!
Oh, God! I'm hit!
Hold on, hold on, hold on!
**
It all seems
so unimportant now.
ButI knew, sitting in
captivity, despite what I did,
that you would
come back for me.
You would
never abandon me.
Because you're honorable.
That's what sustained me.
That if Harold Cooper
survived that firefight,
he would come back for me,
no matter what.
COOPER: Minesweep!
This is Minesweep One!
We are under attack.
Under fire.
This is Lieutenant
Harold Cooper,
Minesweeper One.
We are under attack.
(GUNFIRE)
**
So when I finally escaped
and I knew enough
to get myself here,
I also knew
there was only one person
that I could reach out to...
...one person
who would stop at nothing
to get me
the rest of the way home.
And here you are...
To rescue me.
Dan.
I'm gonna get you home.
**
Thank you, my friend.
Thank you.
**
Taste a bit of allspice?
You're right.
For arthritis and libido.
Huh.
(WATER BUBBLING)
Whoever your friend's
package is,
I assume the outpost
wants to get rid of him.
I would assume as much.
But I'm sure the Revolutionary
Guard would like to have him.
They'd find him
sooner or later.
Well, time, for now,
is on our side.
(WATER BUBBLING)
I think we may have
a situation.
Have you heard
from Harold?
No.
But our scouts say
the route between him
and the airstrip
is suddenly swarming
with patrols.
Trouble?
How many extra men
can you bring me?
I'm paying $3,000
a man now.
I'll double it. I need
men who can shoot straight.
I'll make the call.
(CELLPHONE RINGING)
Ah.
(CELLPHONE BEEPS)
Harold?
You on your way?
Not quite.
I've spoken with Hutton.
There's been a development.
What kind?
Hutton told me the last person
who held him in captivity
is a man known as The Simoon.
Harold, you got to
get the hell out of there
right now.
Why?
What do you know?
The roads are swarming
with patrols,
which means The Simoon
is already on the scent.
You need to get back
to the airstrip
as fast as you can.
We'll have _
the engines running.
He's mobilized
to find Hutton?
And he'll burn the city
to find him.
I'm bringing on
extra men.
We'll lock down
the landing field.
You just get yourself there
in one piece,
and I'll get us airborne.
We can be there
in 30 minutes.
30 minutes. Go. Now.
That gives you 15.
Notify your men.
Tell them to expect a fight.
It's gonna be a hell
of a lot more difficult
getting out of town
than it was getting in.
**
BERDY: Denora Mejia?
Yes?
Agent Kevin Thompson.
This is Agent Ritter.
Can we talk?
It's about Elizabeth Keen.
I don't understand.
But you're familiar with
the name Raymond Reddington.
What does this
have to do with...
Have you heard of him?
Of course.
He's a wanted fugitive.
He's also
Keen's father.
Open it.
_ That man
is one of our agents.
He's staking out
Keen's building.
Four years ago,
Reddington and Keen
went on the run together.
She was on the FBI's
Most Wanted list.
It says here her name
is Masha Rostova.
It also says she's
the daughter of a KGB agent.
A notorious KGB agent
named Katarina Rostova.
The agent out front...
He's not looking
for Reddington.
He's looking for her.
As bad as he is,
Rostova's worse.
The child you're being
asked to care for
is their granddaughter.
They're in Keen's life,
and if you take this job,
they'll be in yours, as well.
Right.
**
I'm sorry.
I never meant
to put anyone in danger.
We'll make it, Dan.
20 minutes,
and we're in the air.
Yeah.
**
A|| seems too familiar.
Long ride,
hostile territory.
Try and relax.
**
I can't go back, Harold.
Not another
hole in the ground.
You're not going back.
Yeah, well, this guy,
The Simoon,
if he comes after us...
(LAUGHING)
maybe he can take you
this time instead.
(CELLPHONE RINGING)
**
You answered the phone,
so you're still alive.
Where are you?
COOPER: We're approaching
the checkpoint. Hang on.
**
(SPEAKING FARSI)
I don't like this.
What's wrong?
COOPER: The policeman
at the checkpoint...
He's carrying an H&K416.
REDDINGTON: That's pretty new.
And expensive.
Too expensive for police.
Harold, you need
to get the hell
out of there right now.
(SPEAKS FARSI)
COOPER: We got a problem.
(MEN SHOUTING IN FARSI)
REDDINGTON:
Harold. Harold, talk to me.
What happened?
Get the Post Office
on the phone.
Harold!
(MEN CONTINUE SHOUTING
IN FARSI)
**
Tell them I work for
the United States government.
The FBI. We're here
on official business.
They know
who you are, Harold.
How could they
possibly know that?
'Cause I told them.
(GUN COCKS)
Looks like The Simoon
wants a word
with you after all.
Anything?
Nothing.
But Aram's on
with Reddington now.
Okay, I've got eyes
on the checkpoint.
REDDINGTON:
The last thing I heard
was men yelling in Farsi.
Lots of it.
That was 13 minutes ago.
And if Harold was taken,
they may have put him
in another vehicle.
This is about
the SIPRNet cable.
Daniel Hutton.
Got it. Okay, looks like
they shoved him
into a blue sedan.
Alright, tracking from there,
they headed northwest,
made their way
to what looks like
some kind of old palace
or estate outside Zahedan.
RESSLER: We should call
the State Department.
No, there's no time for that.
They could start
back-Channel negotiations.
I can do better.
What, better than
the State Department?
Way better.
And more importantly, faster.
We have one chance
to get Harold out alive.
So listen carefully.
**
HU'I'I'ON:
How quickly fates change.
Isn't that right, Harold?
What have you done?
What I had to do
to survwe.
Do you know
how many different groups
held me over the years?
The Kurds, the Iranians.
Couldn't keep track
after a while.
So, tell me...
How easy was it
to sell me out?
I never did that.
You left me for dead
because I found out
you were illegally funding
those same Kurds.
That is not what happened.
Because I blew
the whistle.
I had no idea
we were gonna be ambushed.
I heard you got the Naw Cross
for your bravery that day.
**
But we know what really
happened, don't we?
This is Minesweeper One,
Lieutenant Harold Cooper.
We are under attack.
Hold on, Hutton.
Hold on.
(GUNFIRE)
(GUN CLICKS)
**
(GRUNTING)
Hutton!
But we weren't ambushed,
were we?
Your Kurdish pals
came for me, not you.
(HU'I'I'ON GRUNTING)
Get your hands off me.
Harold?
(CAR DOORS SHUT,
ENGINE STARTS)
Cooper!
Cooper! Cooper!
Aah!
**
HU'I'I'ON: They traded me.
Sold me to their enemies
to fund their war.
Everyone may think
that you would never
leave a brother to die,
but I know
you'd never think twice.
You can believe
what you want.
But I didn't plan the ambush,
and I wanted to go after you.
Then why didn't you?
Was the ambush your idea?
Mind your tone, Lieutenant.
Was Hutton captured to keep
our arrangement a secret?
He threatened _
to expose the missmn.
Get me on a plane
back to Kuwait.
Lieutenant Hutton was executed
by Kurdish rebels an hour ago.
**
You survived an ambush.
Fought valiantly.
I'm going to recommend you
for the Navy Cross.
That'll put you
on the fast track, Harold.
Any job you want.
Or you can raise a stink
and throw it all away.
Either way,
Hutton's still gonna be dead,
and the _cash flow
continues.
You had him executed.
I followed orders.
And if you're as smart
as I think you are,
you will, too.
HU'I'I'ON:
You were a traitor
treated like a patriot.
I was a patriot
treated like a traitor.
So that's what I became.
**
It's you.
You're The Simoon.
Pleasure to meet you.
**
(CAR HORNS HONKING)
Excuse me. Do you know
how to get to the White House?
Sure.
Spend a lot of money.
Good to know Reddington
hasn't lost
his sense of humor.
I'm Ressler.
Campbell.
You know what we're
supposed to do now?
Yeah. Find
the Dungeon Master.
**
(SLU RPS)
Didn't you see the sign?
Yeah. It said "open."
Well, we're not.
Yeah, well, you are to us.
Mr. Homan said so.
**
What the hell
is this thing?
It's not
a PlayStation, pal.
Let's see the case.
**
$200,000.
And a set of coordinates.
Mr. Homan said
you'd know
what to do with them.
I do.
Let's get the party started.
I know what to do.
Thank you very much.
**
(SLU RPS)
What did we just pay for?
No idea.
And with Reddington,
it's pointless to ask.
So, you work for him?
Reddington?
No, but he certainly
thinks so.
(CELLPHONE DIALING)
Yeah, it's done.
Whatever it is.
Splendid. Please thank
Francesca for me.
And trust that as far
as Harold is concerned,
_ we are now
in the gifted hands
of a master.
Time to storm the castle.
It's a heavily armed compound,
and there is only five of us.
You're right.
Even the Magnificent Seven
had seven.
Slim chance of survival.
Impossible odds.
COOPER:
How could you do it?
The intel you gave Iran
cost people's lives.
I held out for years.
Through beatings,
in solitary, in cages.
(CHUCKLES)
Then I realized
no one was coming.
How could I do it...
**
...Harold?
How could you?
You gave them access
to Naval intelligence.
I did.
Then they upgraded
the network,
and I got shut out.
After that,
I interpreted data.
It was easy
when I knew the players.
That gave me value.
But now the only player
I know is you,
which is why you're here.
I won't cooperate
with them.
Because_ it's
the wrong thing to do.
The wrong thing.
You certainly know
all about that.
**
LIZ:
By text, not by phone.
She quit via text.
KATARINA:
That's unbelievable.
I know.
I thought she was perfect.
What are you gonna do?
Well, that's why I'm calling.
I am stuck at work,
and Agnes is gonna
be home soon.
I'm happy to help.
I'm so sorry about this.
Oh, don't be silly.
I'd love to look after Agnes.
Really? Are you sure?
Of course.
Take your time.
The longer you stay
at the office,
the more time I'll have
to 5pm! her rotten.
Thank you. You're a lifesaver.
I don't know what happened.
Don't beat yourself up.
Sometimes people just
aren't who they seem to be.
**
FARHAD: No way
we are getting in there.
Where's your faith?
I left my faith on the jet.
Let's go back and get it.
We breach in two minutes.
Raymond, even with help...
It will be a bloodbath.
Yes, but not our blood.
So many of my prisoners,
during torture,
they break down,
beg for mercy.
But not you.
Right, Harold?
Remember those cages
I said they kept me in
those first few years?
(CHAINS RATrLING)
You're in one.
I'll check back on you
in a few decades.
For what it's worth,
Dan...
I am sorry.
**
(SLU RPS)
20 seconds.
This is a death sentence.
Farhad, you and your men
to the south.
Dembe, you and I
to the north.
They will kill us all.
Ready on your go.
We are not ready.
10...
I am not!
...nine, eight...
(ENGINE WHIRRING)
What the hell?
Here we go.
**
(CHUCKLES)
I won a rather
high-stakes game
of "Magic: The Gathering"
recently,
and I've called in
my chits.
(BEEPING)
**
Wait, listen to this.
Listen.
(MISSILE WHINING)
(EXPLOSION)
(LAUGHS)
(RUMBLING)
That our cue, fellas.
Let's go.
**
(GUNSHOTS)
(CREAKING, CRASHING)
**
(GUNFIRE)
(GUNFIRE IN DISTANCE)
**
Not another step.
Looks like you have better
friends than I did.
At least they tried
to save you.
(GUNFIRE)
DEMBE:
Raymond, I'm out of ammo.
**
(SHOUTING IN FARSI)
(GUNFIRE)
**
Red!
What took you so long?
It's over, Dan.
No.
I won't let you
leave me behind again.
If I can't trade you
to the Iranians,
I'll trade you to your own
people for a way out.
(RUMBLING)
**
(GROANING)
Harold!
Help me!
Please, help me, Harold.
Please.
Harold, please.
Cooper!
Cooper! Cooper!
Cooper! Aah!
**
(GRU NTS)
(GROANING)
**
(STRAINING)
I'm sorry, Harold.
You should've learned
your lesson the first time.
(GUNSHOTS)
(THUDS)
Harold, you okay?
**
I couldn't leave him again.
We have to go.
He isn't
your burden anymore.
Isn't he?
REDDINGTON: What is it
you need, Harold?
A reminder that you're
a good man, a moral man?
'Cause you didn't need to save
Daniel Hutton to know that.
You just needed
to look in a mirror.
What I did to him
has followed me half my life.
And it's time to let it go.
Now come on!
We need to move.
**
(KHRUANGBIN'S
"COMO TE QUIERO" PLAYS)
**
You did what you thought
was right.
Mm-hmm. _
Put your safety on the line
for a man you thought
was your friend.
He betrayed you,
and now he's dead.
Your secret is safe.
If there was ever a reason
to celebrate,
The Simoon is finished.
You helped yourself
and your country.
Close the book.
Raise a glass.
**
How do you do it?
Wake up each morning
content to live a lie?
How do you put on a face
for the world?
I don't live a lie.
I may once have had
another identity,
but that identity
no longer exists.
I am exactly who I am.
And I can assure you,
I'm a far more interesting
Raymond Reddington
than Raymond Reddington
ever was.
And what about Ilya Koslov?
I've always believed
who you are should define you,
not who you were.
And I don't know anyone
that should be more at peace
with who they are than you.
Whatever decisions you make
going forward...
**
I hope they grant you
that peace.
**
Do you like contests?
Because I love contests.
What kind of contest?
I was thinking
a drawing contest.
I know you like princesses,
so I got a princess
coloring book.
(CHUCKLES)
I bet you can't color
a whole page
in, say, five minutes.
Do you think you can?
Then that's the contest.
Take this book
and these pencils,
and you go into your room.
In five minutes,
I'll come in and see
if you've finished. Okay?
(LAUGHS)
**
Mr. Reddington
called in a drone strike.
From a gaming store.
I don't know how he did it...
just that it saved my life.
Why were you there
in the first place?
And why go
with Reddington?
Other than that he can
call in a drone strike
from a gaming store.
I went with Reddington because
we have no authority in Iran.
And the reason I went
was Simple...
30 years ago, I thought
a soldier in my unit
had been killed.
Daniel Hutton.
The SIPRNet cable
told you he was still alive.
Right. I went
to try and bring him home,
and in the process,
he died.
That's awful.
Were you two close?
We were, once.
In many ways,
he was instrumental
in shaping the person
I am today.
(ELEVATOR DOORS OPENING)
**
Is your mind made up
about what you're
gonna tell her
about Reddington's
identity?
It is.
It's made up
about a lot of things.
Well, isn't this like finding
four peas in a pod.
Is there a s_nowba|l's
chance in hell
I'm gonna like anything
y'all have to say?
I'd say... Definitely not.
Mm.
(SIGHS)
Harold, to the Scotch.
(RADICAL FACE'S
"LETTERS HOME" PLAYS)
**
(SIGHS) You said you wanted
to talk about Reddington.
So talk.
Reddington is...
He's not the person
you think he is.
(LAUGHS)
Okay. I'll bite.
* I'm writin' you this letter
between rests
Who is he?
* 'Cause yesterday
a bullet found my chest
He's a much better person
than I gave him credit for.
* And I don't got the energy
I, on the other hand, am not.
* To dress myself
Harold, you're not
making any sense.
* And I can't walk
Without help
**
What is that?
A truth I should have told
a long time ago.
(SIGHS)
*AndI
* I can't remember
why I joined this war
**
* And I can't tell you
what we're fightin' for
(CAMERA SHU'I'I'ER CLICKING)
* I guess
I wasn't smart enough
to see the game
Okay! Five minutes are up!
* And that no one's
keepin' score
Ready or not, here I come!
**
You're giving the Navy Cross
to The Simoon?
Putting it
where it belongs.
He was a brave man.
I was a coward.
He refused to follow
an illegal order.
I insisted
on carrying it out.
I knew the payments
weren't authorized,
that someone up
the chain _of command
was breaking the rules.
They were higher
on that chain than I was,
so I didn't_ ask
any questions.
And I didn't
stand with Hutton
when he did.
I left him behind.
You were told he was dead.
I should've gone back to look
for him, found him.
But I didn't.
And that turned him
into The Simoon.
The Daniel Hutton
I left behind that day
deserves this.
If it had been you,
you never would've
betrayed your country.
He tried speaking truth
to power,
and the powerful
punished him for it...
And rewarded me
for letting them.
_ That won't
Wipe his slate clean.
I didn't do it for him.
I did it for me.
And I have you
to thank for that.
You told me that people should
be defined by who they are,
not by who they were.
The cover-up, the medal...
They represent who I was.
A man willing
to look the other way.
Who I am...
who I hope to be...
Is someone who takes
responSIbility
for his actions.
So you're
a truth-teller now.
Did you tell Panabaker
the truth about me?
I did.
I told her
your true identity.
Who you are,
not who you were.
I told her
you're Raymond Reddington.
* Mistakes and all
I love it.
More importantly,
Agnes loves it.
(LAUGHING)
We had fun.
You really
saved me today.
I told you before,
I'm happy to help.
I still can't believe
Denora bailed on me like that.
You'll find
the right person.
And until you do,
you can always count on me.
Ithink I'll be
counting on you a lot.
(DOOR OPENS, SHUTS)
Fun times
with the urchin?
Productive times.
**
So what am I
looking for?
Second photo.
Top of the page.
**
Ilya Koslov.
Who's he?
The one person who can tell me
what I need to know.
**